Hello kiddos! First of all, congratulations to all of our achievements!!! We finally finished UST-SHS, and we can finally say, ginapang at tinapos ko si UST :> UST is indeed one of the most challenging and considered by many people as a dream school, I am one of them and I know some of you also, with that entering and graduating in the university is a milestone for everyone.

Despite all the hardships, sadness, failures, biology, physics, chemistry, calculus (PTSD nga sabi naten) we all surpassed them and by doing so we found the people that matter in our SHS life. For me, you are the people that made my UST life fun, exciting, felt free, outgoing, open, friendly, demonic, and, most of all, trusting. I know not all of you, I got to know well because of the pandemic but I am pretty sure, your new groupmates, clasmates, and friends in college would be lucky to have you. I never thought I would have friends like you in UST. You all made me feel special, loved, supported and encouraged regardless of the pain and stress we endured.

College, wherever you will study ayusin nyo buhay nyo at wag na wag nyo kami kakalimutan lalo na sa paskuhan HAHAHAHAH. I want you all to know you are all precious and dear to me, and I keep those type of people. If you ever need help, academics, programming (engineers hehe) you could ask me, and i'll try to help in any way I can. If any of you feel alone or down, just know that there are people who are ready to listen, for now we are one click away. Let the Thomasian spirit of no student or friend behind continue beyond the walls.

I am proud to be a Thomasian, not because of the academic achievements... but I'm proud because that is where I felt the love I needed during my lowest points. The hugs, and comfort of a Thomasian (especially your comforts) are the best, one that I will surely miss. Let our memories be kept and plans for the future prosper. I hope to see you again in España or any place after this pandemic.

I love you all!!! Thank you for wonderful and memorable two years!!! Don't forget this is your "boss", "leader", "tropa", "pre", PIPS signing off for now hehe :>